Update Lesson 10 Ex: 2 to provide workshop user verifiable output. (#117)
sensu/sensu-enterprise-workshop: lessons/operator/10/README.md

   > - Providing a check name (`Check: app-health`) means the silence will only apply to events from the `app-health` check
   > - The "Begin time", "Expiry in seconds", and "Expire on Resolve" settings let us control when Sensu will begin supressing alerts, and when Sensu should resume processing of alerts.
   > - The "Reason" field lets us leave a comment or provide a description for the silence.
   > **Note:**

>    > Sensu entities automatically participate in subscriptions named `entity:<entity-name>`  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > Sensu agents automatically add and subscribe to subscriptions named `entity:<entity-name>`.
```

  check: app-health
  ```

> - Silence a specific check on entities participating in a specific subscription:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Silence a specific check on entities in a specific subscription:
```

  check: *
  ```

> - Silence a any check on a specific entity:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Silence any check on a specific entity:
```

  ```
  subscription: entity:1-424242
  check: app-health
  ```

### EXERCISE 2: Bulk Silencing

#### Scenario

> Here’s the situation. You are responding to an incident or managing a maintenance operation that requires taking a server offline for a period of time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are responding to an incident or managing a maintenance operation that requires taking a server offline for a period of time. 
```

You want to silence all the checks running on that host at once instead of having to silence each one individually.

#### Solution

> To accomplish this we will configure a silence using a wildcard check name, and the entity specific subscription. This wiil silence 
> events coming from all checks running on the named entitied, instead of just one specific check.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To accomplish this we will configure a silence using a wildcard check name, and the entity subscription. 
This will silence events coming from all checks running on the named entity, instead of just one specific check.
```

#### Steps

> 1. **Create a multiple checks for the demo web app.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Generate some sample events.**
```

     - sensu/http-checks:0.4.0
     publish: true
     proxy_entity_name: workshop_app_1
     subscriptions:
     - workshop
     interval: 30
     timeout: 10
     handlers:
     - mattermost
   ---
   type: CheckConfig
   api_version: core/v2
   metadata:
     name: moar-app-health
   spec:
     command: http-check --url http://workshop_app_1:8080/healthz
     runtime_assets:
     - sensu/http-checks:0.4.0
     publish: true
     proxy_entity_name: workshop_app_1
     subscriptions:
     - workshop
     interval: 30
     timeout: 10
     handlers:
     - mattermost
   ```
1. **Trigger an incident**

   Just as in the exercise 1, if needed, we'll want to POST to the demo app healthz API endpoint to place the app into error status state.
   Note: this step might not be needed if your check from the previous excerise is still alerting. 

   **Mac and Linux:**

   ```shell
   curl -i -X POST http://127.0.0.1:9001/healthz
   curl -i -X GET http://127.0.0.1:9001/healthz
   ```

   **Windows (Powershell):**

   ```shell
   Invoke-RestMethod -Method POST -Uri "http://127.0.0.1:9001/healthz"
   Invoke-RestMethod -Method GET -Uri "http://127.0.0.1:9001/healthz"
   ```

>    You should see output like `HTTP/1.1 500 Internal Server Error`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You should see output like `HTTP/1.1 500 Internal Server Error`.
   
```
